feat(config): Added option "onboardingCommitMessage" (#6997)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-configuration.md

Note that this setting is independent of `branchPrefix`. For example, if you configure `branchPrefix` to be `renovate-` then you'd still have the onboarding PR created with branch `renovate/configure` until you configure `onboardingBranch=renovate-configure` or similar. If you have an existing Renovate installation and you change `onboardingBranch` then it's possible that you'll get onboarding PRs for repositories that had previously closed the onboarding PR unmerged.

## onboardingCommitMessage

> Note that the `commitMessagePrefix` or `semanticCommits` value will be prepended to the commit message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if `commitMessagePrefix` or `semanticCommits` values are defined then they will be prepended to the commit message using the same logic that is used for adding them to non-onboarding commit messages.
```
